add(open-source): GitProfile (#445)
aniftyco/awesome-tailwindcss: README.md

- [Misiki Books](https://github.com/itswadesh/misiki-books) - Book shop using Vue + Moltin + Tailwind CSS.
- [Ubuntu 20.04](https://github.com/vivek9patel/vivek9patel.github.io) - An Ubuntu desktop using React.js + Tailwind CSS.
- [Angular Spotify](https://github.com/trungk18/angular-spotify) - Spotify client built with Angular, Nx Workspace and Tailwind CSS.

> - [GitProfile](https://github.com/arifszn/gitprofile) - Automatic portfolio builder based on GitHub profile built with React.js + Tailwind CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [GitProfile](https://github.com/arifszn/gitprofile) - Automatic portfolio builder based on GitHub profiles, built with React.js and Tailwind CSS.
```

Author: Updated.
